Client\
Our client for this project is the Bristol Museum and Art Gallery and M Shed. Both museums are part of Bristol Culture, and aim to showcase different pieces of artwork from all periods of time by many internationally famous artists, as well as the history of Bristol. Our main source of contact is Mark Pajak, head of Digital Development at Bristol Culture. As the strategic lead on digital and user experience, he has a particular interest in meeting user needs and providing the best user experience. \
\
The Domain\
By developing a web app for Bristol Museum and Art Gallery and M shed, this will improve visitors experience at the museum. Since the start of covid, the number of visitors have drastically fallen. Hopefully, this alternative to the touch screen interpretation system will be able to increase visitor numbers again by making the general population feel safe enough to enjoy the artwork and Bristol culture at both museums.\
\
The Project \
Due to Covid-19, both the Bristol Museum and Art Gallery and M Shed have had to switch off their legacy touch screen interpretation system for safety reasons. Our project, History Trails, is based on creating a web app as an alternative for visitors at art galleries to find out more information about the objects and paintings on display. One important criteria of this web app is that it should be accessible to everyone. As a result, the web app should be compatible with the accessibility features on the visitors\'92 phones, so that those with visual impairment would be able to use the screen reader as required. \
\
Our Vision\
First and foremost, our web app must meet our client\'92s needs and show the basic information about the object of interest, including the name of the object, who created it, when it was created and a general description, along with an image of the object. The web app should be easy to navigate, providing a pleasant user experience. \
In order to present this information in a useful format, we plan to have a QR code for each gallery so that visitors can scan the code and be brought to a page with all the objects in that gallery. In the case that the visitors are unable to scan the QR codes (perhaps because of their phone\'92s functionality), they would also be able to navigate to the galleries manually. Each  gallery would then be sorted by the type of object( i.e. sculpture, painting etc. ) or perhaps in the order the visitor would see when exploring the room in a circular order. We will also implement a favourites\'92 functionality so that the visitors can revisit their favourite objects. 
